doc news: add 15.1.4 entry (#2446)
groonga/groonga: doc/source/news/15.md

# News - 15 series

(release-15-1-4)=

> ## Release 15.1.4 - 2025-07-29
> 
> ### Fixes
> 
> #### [Ordered near phrase search] Fixed a bug that interval between phrases calculation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### [Ordered near phrase search] Fixed a bug in the interval calculation between phrases
```

This problem may occur when we use `*ONPP` with `MAX_ELEMENT_INTERVAL` such as `*ONPP-1,0,10"(abc bcd) (defg)"`.
If you don't use `MAX_ELEMENT_INTERVAL`, this problem doesn't occur.

> Please refer to the following links about usage and syntax of `*ONPP`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the following links for usage and syntax of `*ONPP`.
```

# News - 15 series

(release-15-1-4)=

## Release 15.1.4 - 2025-07-29

In this release, we fixed a bug in the interval calculation between phrases in `*ONPP` operator.

### Improvements

> #### [Ordered near phrase search] Fixed a bug in the interval calculation between phrases

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### [Ordered near phrase product search] Fixed a bug in the interval calculation between phrases
```

This problem may occur when we use `*ONPP` with `MAX_ELEMENT_INTERVAL` such as `*ONPP-1,0,10"(abc bcd) (defg)"`.
If you don't use `MAX_ELEMENT_INTERVAL`, this problem doesn't occur.

Please refer to the following links for usage and syntax of `*ONPP`.

- [`*ONPP` in query syntax] {ref}`query-syntax-ordered-near-phrase-product-search-condition`
- [`*ONPP` in script syntax] {ref}`script-syntax-ordered-near-phrase-product-search-operator`

If this problem occurs, the following things may happen.

- Groonga may return records shouldn't be a hit.

> - Groonga may not return records that should be returned as hits.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Groonga may not return records that should be matched.
```
